[OperationalInsights] Module Update - Tables resource (#18406)
Azure/azure-powershell: src/OperationalInsights/OperationalInsights/ChangeLog.md

-->

## Upcoming Release
* Added new cmdlets for Table resource: 'Create-AzOperationalInsightsRestoreTable', 'Create-AzOperationalInsightsSearchTable', 'Create-AzOperationalInsightsTable','Delete-AzOperationalInsightsTable','Update-AzOperationalInsightsTable', 'Migrate-AzOperationalInsightsTable'
* Add new property 'DefaultDataCollectionRuleResourceId' to 'Set-AzOperationalInsightsWorkspace' and to 'New-AzOperationalInsightsWorkspace' cmdlets

> * update Operational Insights Nuget from version '0.24.0-preview' to version '0.25.0-preview'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new property 'DefaultDataCollectionRuleResourceId' to 'Set-AzOperationalInsightsWorkspace' and to 'New-AzOperationalInsightsWorkspace' cmdlets
* Upgraded management SDK to version '0.25.0-preview'
```
